README.md, before:

# GeraldTheChicken
Gerald The Chicken is an auto-runner 2D platformer game in which the user plays as Gerald (a handsome chicken) who has been kidnapped from his family by an evil farmer. He must defeat all six levels to get home to his family. This project was developed in Processing, an open-source GUI library, built on Java, for developing games. https://processing.org/

The source code is located within the GeraldTheChicken -> GeraldTheChicken folder. All .pde files contain source code for the game. All images used within the game are located in GeraldTheChicken -> GeraldTheChicken -> data. Class diagrams can be found in the Diagrams folder, whilst screenshots of the game are located in the Screenshots folder.

To play the game, you may download processing and open it as a sketch, or if you have a Windows OS then you may do the following:

<b>Game executable for Windows OS:</b>

1. Download the windows-amd64.zip file which is in the root folder.
2. Unzip it.
3. Go into the windows-amd64 folder and locate the GeraldTheChicken.pde file.
4. Double click the file to open and play.
5. Enjoy and read the known bugs section below first!

<b>KNOWN BUGS:</b>

When using an activated jetpack, instead of flying normally, the player gets involuntarily stuck to the top of the screen indefinitely. This happens very rarely but is obviously very annoying. Apologies.

Commit message:

Updated README to include info on player guide

README.md, after:

# GeraldTheChicken
Gerald The Chicken is an auto-runner 2D platformer game in which the user plays as Gerald (a handsome chicken) who has been kidnapped from his family by an evil farmer. He must defeat all six levels to get home to his family. This project was developed in Processing, an open-source GUI library, built on Java, for developing games. https://processing.org/

The source code is located within the GeraldTheChicken -> GeraldTheChicken folder. All .pde files contain source code for the game. All images used within the game are located in GeraldTheChicken -> GeraldTheChicken -> data. Class diagrams can be found in the Diagrams folder, whilst screenshots of the game are located in the Screenshots folder. There is also a player guide (root folder), which I would advise looking at before playing the game!

To play the game, you may download processing and open it as a sketch, or if you have a Windows OS then you may do the following:

<b>Game executable for Windows OS:</b>

1. Download the windows-amd64.zip file which is in the root folder.
2. Unzip it.
3. Go into the windows-amd64 folder and locate the GeraldTheChicken.pde file.
4. Double click the file to open and play.
5. Enjoy and read the known bugs section below first!

<b>KNOWN BUGS:</b>

When using an activated jetpack, instead of flying normally, the player gets involuntarily stuck to the top of the screen indefinitely. This happens very rarely but is obviously very annoying. Apologies.
